# one-a-day-on-github

This Repository is my learning curve ledger...day one and counting!!!

This is a new project idea that should have me writing code each and every day.

It was based on the concept of a one-a-day pill that should make me stonger
with each day.  The intent is to create one new from scratch html project that
requires me to create all files in the day's directory from scratch.

The structure will be based on this one readme file, WPI commits on everything,
a single file index.html that like this readme.txt file will have to be 
updated each and every day.

This process should not take more than one 20 minute session each day and
concepts can come from anywhere including sources like code wars and may even
include a copy of my current checkpoint work for where I am on any given day in
my bloc.io coursework.

It is also intended for me to start showing that I am coding MORE on my github
repository because with multiple commits on this one project it will show my
status as a coder as HEAVY.

My real attempt is to improve my skill development, to shorten my recall time
for basic concepts, to develop a track record on github, and on my calendar for
the actual amount of time I am writing code at the keyboard.

It may take some time to improve myself but I need to start somewhere other
than just trying to get through my bloc.io coursework.

So now I have created this repo on github so that master will include my git
commands practice...

timeout:  201702121413

####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****

This update was for today's multiple actions that I failed to break down into 
individual "commit" messages.  There was so much that I did that I forgot to 
track it all as I went.

Created this README.md file ( edited several times ).  It was created in part
by github.  I then cloned this repository to my local directory.

Created an index.html file for the parent directory as an index to be
updated daily with each new day's directory information and links to the index
of that day.

Created a subdirectory for the day using the following convention:
year,month,day as in this example:  20170212.

Created an index file within that subdirectory and populated it with
some details and a link back to the project's parent directory's index.html
file.

Created a single commit message and then updated this file.

Will follow this edit with one additional commit message reflecting details.

timeout:  201702121511

####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****

This update followed the "commit" where I was reviewing it all on github.

I noted two typos:

One in the parent directory index.html file.  Second in the commit message.

I have elected to skip the second since I have already made at least one commit
since the error was made and I do not wish to "play" that hard at this time.

The second typo error I can correct now in the index.html file and make a new
commit after the change.  I will be making two commits here and now.  One for
this README.md file edit and one for the index.html file edit.  What will
follow will like be an additional update to this file and a follow up commit.

This for a total of three additional commits made to today's total count.

timeout:  201702121529

####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****

Edited typo in index.html file and commited with message 'I can recall...'.

timeout:  201702121535

####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****

Edited this file.  Added WIP folder and sub folders with files.  Updated all
index.html files to reflect correct paths in the anchors.  Git Add . and then
git commit -m "adding message to reflect same..."

####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****

This morning I am hoping to correct some major issues I created in the process 
of trying to create this project.  One issue is that each entry into the README
.md file will not actually appear here in the MASTER's README.md file unless I 
change branches to make the entry.

####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****

Additionally, items that were done on yesterday's branch may not be in today's
because I want the branching to appear as seperate branches off of MASTER.  I 
am doing this for a visual effect thing with the Git GUI I am using it is called
GitKraken.

There are some things that I would like to have in the MASTER branch but every-
thing else should be in it's own branch on the given day.

So here's to today's attempt...timein 201702131124

####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****

I broke for lunch and am returning now at 201702131306 to begin using git stash
command line in order to copy files from yesterday's WIP folder to today's WIP.

This will be my first attempt at using 'git stash' and 'git stash apply'.  I 
had to change branches from 20170213 to master to update this README.md file 
with these details before making an attempt to 'stash' from yesterday's branch
to today's branch.  Let's see how this works.

####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****

Attempt to 'git stash' failed as I had not made any changes to the files or the
folders I was looking to 'stash' and 'stash apply' in the 20170213 branch.

I am there for taking another approach to moving the files to today's branch:

https://xliska.wordpress.com/2010/09/22/copy-files-between-git-branches/

This link indicates that I can 'copy' files and folders from one branch to
another using one of two commands.  I am going to attempt the second of the two
commands first by changing back to 20170213 branch and doing a 'git checkout'
on the 'WIP-for-today' folder from the 20170212 branch.

Let's see how this works...

####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****

Attempt to use 'git checkout' failed...  Attempting second option using 'git
show' command.

####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****

ALL ATTEMPS to copy files have FAILED... copying files between branches is very
very difficult.  I have one additional attempt that I found at the follow link:

http://stackoverflow.com/questions/17416691/how-can-i-copy-files-from-a-branch-
to-another-using-git

I am not sure that I have not already DELETED or REMOVED the files and folders
I am looking to copy from branch 20170212 to 20170213 or for that matter any of
the files from any of the three branches...master included.  I am going to make
one additional attempt at this point to copy files between branches from the
/Users/administrator/git/one-a-day-on-github/20170212/WIP-for-today folder on
branch 20170212 to the:
/Users/administrator/git/one-a-day-on-github/20170213/WIP-for-today folder on
branch 20170213.

If this fails I will have to go back to asking my mentor to show me exactly 
how to do what I want to with this exercise.

####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****

timein:  201702141600

Had an interesting and productive call with my Bloc.io mentor this afternoon.

I am going to do my one-a-day-on-github now and see if I can do today's without
many errors.

So here goes...editing README.md and master's index.html files now.

####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****

So I was successful at creating both the 20170214 branch as well as the 
20170214 subdirectory with it's 20170214-index.html file...and all done in 
less that 30 minutes.

So I am here just updating this README.md file before I finish up for a short
break for diner.

timeout:  201702141701

####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****-####-****
